0: What is your age in years?
1: What is your gender?
2: With which of these groups do you most identify?
3: In which global region are you located?
4: In which country are you located?
5: Region
6: MSA
7: What is the highest level of education you have completed?
8: How much have your academic studies helped you in your work as a web designer/developer?
9: How do you stay current with your craft?
10: The next set of questions are different depending on whether you work primarily as an employee or an independent freelance contractor. Which is most true for you?
11: Where do you do your work?
12: Which of the following best describes your employment situation?
13: Which of the following best describes your employment situation?
14: What is your job title?
15: If you indicated "Other," please list your job title here.
16: Regardless of your job requirements, in which of these areas are you competent?
17: Regardless of how competent you believe yourself to be, in which of these areas does your employer or client(s) expect you to be proficient?
18: How many people does your company or organization employ?
19: How many years have you been working as a web professional?
20: What kind of work did you do before getting involved in the web?
21: How many years have you been at your present job?
22: How many years have you been working independently?
23: On average, how many hours per week do you work?
24: How much of your work is web-related?
25: What was your gross (pre-tax) income in 2007? Include bonuses and freelance income. Answer in U.S. dollars.
26: How big was your last pay raise?
27: How long ago was your last pay raise?
28: Your personal salary aside, how's business?
29: How do you price your work?
30: If you have an hourly billing rate, what is it? If it varies, pick the most commonly-charged rate or give us an average.
31: How have your rates/fees changed in the past year?
32: Regardless of the rates you charge, how has your income changed from last year to this year?
33: Aside from specific questions of income, how's business?
34: With which of the following statements do you most identify?
35: Let's talk perks. Get any?
36: How many personal/vacation days do you get per year? (These are days that you take at your discretion.)
37: How many paid/banking holidays do you get per year? (These are days such as Christmas, Independence Day, and so forth.)
38: How do prospective clients find you?
39: Which of the following describes your health care situation?
40: Has your geographical location slowed the progress of your career, or made earning a living more difficult than it should be?
41: Has employer or client prejudice about your age slowed the progress of your career, or made earning a living more difficult than it should be?
42: Has employer or client prejudice about your gender slowed the progress of your career, or made earning a living more difficult than it should be?
43: Has employer or client prejudice about your race, ethnicity, or national origin slowed the progress of your career, or made earning a living more difficult than it should be?
44: Has employer or client prejudice about an illness or disability slowed the progress of your career, or made earning a living more difficult than it should be?
45: How long have you had a personal blog/website? If you publish more than one, choose the one that has been online the longest. If you don't publish one, choose "Not applicable."
46: Do you find web design to be an exciting profession?
47: How satisfied are you with your current work situation?
48: What is your next career move?
49: Datetime
50: null
51: null
